[IMP] Inventory: New screenshots for reception in 3-steps (#634)
odoo/documentation-user: inventory/management/incoming/three_steps.rst

Process a Receipt in three steps (Input + Quality + Stock)
==========================================================

In most companies, it is necessary to assess the received goods. The goal is to check that the 
products correspond to the quality requirements agreed with the suppliers. Therefore, adding a 

> quality control step in the goods receipt process is essential.

Reviewer: Quality is essential for most companies, to make sure we maintain quality throughout the supply chain, it only makes sense that we assess the quality of the product received from suppliers. To do so we will add a Quality control step.

Odoo uses routes to define how to handle the different receipt steps.
The configuration is done at the warehouse level. By default, the reception is a one-step process, 

> but it can also be configured to have two-steps or three-steps processes.

Reviewer: Odoo uses routes to define how to handle the different receipt steps. Configuration of those routes is done at the warehouse level.

The three-steps flow works as follows: you receive the goods in an input area, then transfer them 
into a quality area for quality control (QC). When the quality check is completed, the goods that 

> match the QC requirements are moved to stock

Reviewer: Input doesn't make sense. :) 

in a waiting area?

Process a Receipt in three steps (Input + Quality + Stock)
==========================================================

> In most companies, it is necessary to asses the received goods. The goal is to check that the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In most companies, it is necessary to assesS the received goods. The goal is to check that the 
```

products correspond to the quality requirements agreed with the suppliers. Therefore, adding a 
quality control step in the goods receipt process is essential.

Odoo uses routes to define how to handle the different receipt steps.
The configuration is done at the warehouse level. By default, the reception is a one-step process, 
but it can also be configured to have two-steps or three-steps processes.

The three-steps flow works as follows: you receive the goods in an input area, then transfer them 

> into a quality area for quality control (QC). When the quality check has been completed, the goods move 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
into a quality area for quality control (QC). When the quality check is completed, the goods move 
```

> into a quality area for quality control (QC). When the quality check is completed, the goods move 
> from QC to stock. If some products pass the QC but not the others, then only the good quality ones 
> are moved to stock.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
into a quality area for quality control (QC). When the quality check is completed, the goods that match the QC requirements are moved to stock.
```

Now that I read again.. hehe

Author: Far better that way :+1: 
I will change it.

=======================

To start the 3-steps reception process, create a *Request for Quotation* from the *Purchase* app, 
add some storable products to it and confirm. Then, three pickings are created with your *Purchase
Order* as the source document:

1. The first one with a reference *IN* to designate the receipt
   process;

2. The second one with a reference *INT*, which is the move to the
   quality control zone;

3. The last one with a reference *INT* to designate the move to stock.

.. image:: media/three_steps_03.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the three moves created by the purchase of products in three steps strategy

Process the receipt, quality control and entry in stock
=======================================================

As the receipt operation is the first one to be processed, it has a *Ready* status while the others 
are *Waiting Another Operation*.

To access the receipt operation, click on the button from the *Purchase Order* or go back to the 
*Inventory* app dashboard and click on *Receipts*.

.. image:: media/three_steps_04.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the button to press to see the receipts that need to be processed

> In receipt order, products are always considered available because they come from the supplier. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the receipt order, products are always considered available because they come from the supplier. 
```

Then, the receipt can be validated.

.. image:: media/three_steps_05.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the move (internal transfer) from the reception area to the warehouse input area

> Once the receipt has been validated, the transfer to quality becomes *Ready*. Because the documents 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the receipt has been validated, the transfer to quality becomes *Ready*. And because the documents 
```

are chained to each other, products previously received are automatically reserved on the 
transfer. Then, the transfer can be directly validated.

.. image:: media/three_steps_06.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the button to press to see the internal transfers that need to be processed

.. image:: media/three_steps_07.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the move (internal transfer) from the input area to the quality control area

> Now, the transfer that enters the products into stock is *Ready*. Here, it is again ready to be 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, the transfer that enters the products to stock is *Ready*. Here, it is again ready to be 
```

I know suggested into before, but I think it was a wrong suggestion. Sorry!

   :alt: View of the incoming shipment strategy to choose to receive goods in three steps

Activating this option leads to the creation of two new locations: *Input* and *Quality Control*. 
To rename them, go to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Configuration --> Locations` and select
the one you want to rename.

Create a Purchase Order
=======================

To start the 3-steps reception process, create a *Request for Quotation* from the *Purchase App*, 
add some storable products to it and confirm. Then, three pickings are created with your *Purchase
Order* as the source document:

1. The first one with a reference *IN* to designate the receipt
   process;

2. The second one with a reference *INT*, which is the move to the
   quality control zone;

3. The last one with a reference *INT* to designate the move to stock.

.. image:: media/three_steps_03.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the three moves created by the purchase of products in three steps strategy

Process the receipt, quality control and entry in stock
=======================================================

As the receipt operation is the first one to be processed, it has a *Ready* status while the others 

> are *Waiting Another Operation*. The move quality becomes *Ready* as soon as the receipt one is 

Reviewer 2: You say that in the upcoming paragraph, so maybe we can remove it from here.

> marked as done.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

To access the receipt operation, click on the button from the *Purchase Order* or go back to the 

> *Inventory App* dashboard and click on the *Receipts* button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Inventory* app dashboard and click on *Receipts*.
```

.. image:: media/three_steps_04.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: View of the button to press to see the receipts that need to be processed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :alt: View of the button to select to see the receipts that need to be processed
```

> In receipt order, the products are always considered available because they come from the supplier. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the receipt order products are always considered available because they come from the supplier. 
```

Then, the receipt can be validated.

.. image:: media/three_steps_05.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the move (internal transfer) from the reception area to the warehouse input area

> Once the receipt has been validated, the transfer to quality becomes *Ready*. Since the documents 
> are chained, the products which have been previously received are automatically reserved on the 
> transfer. Then, the transfer can be directly validated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the receipt has been validated, the transfer to quality becomes *Ready*. Because the documents 
are chained to each other, products previously received are automatically reserved on the 
transfer. Then, the transfer can be directly validated.
```
Suggestion: Use *since* and *while* to refer only to time, not to mean because or although (:

.. image:: media/three_steps_06.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: View of the button to press to see the internal transfers that need to be processed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :alt: View of the button to be selected to see the internal transfers that need to be processed
```

.. image:: media/three_steps_07.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the move (internal transfer) from the input area to the quality control area

> Now, the transfer which enters the products in stock is *Ready*. Here, it is again ready to be 
> validated in order to transfer the products to your stock location.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, the transfer that enters the products into stock is *Ready*. Validate it in order to 
transfer the products to your stock location.
```

.. image:: media/three_steps_08.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: View of the button to press to see the internal transfers that need to be processed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :alt: View of the button to be selected to see the internal transfers that need to be processed
```
